Software Engineer Scala Fullstack.md, before:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply commited to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers. Over the past month we've been rewriting most of our backend using Scala and Finatra. Now we need help to bring our platform to the next level from a passionate

# (Senior) Software Engineer – Scala / Fullstack

## Your Tasks
- Propose, draft and implement services and complete features in our distributed environment
- Design and refactor components for high availability and resilience
- Get involved and improve also front-end development (fear not: no design tasks involved)
- Co-Own our backend architecture and keep a minimal set of documentation up to date
- Help product owners to write great, concise user stories with high business value
- Drive towards continuous deployment in our Docker-based infrastructure
- Continuously watch the Scala-scene and improve your knowledge on search, then spread it though our teams

## Your Profile
- Solid software development skills in Scala and multiple other languages
- Developed significant Scala-based services and put them into production
- Not afraid to work professionally with code from others
- Able to give and receive constructive criticism
- Sound and save developing and thinking asynchronous systems
- Experienced with a full web stack, RESTful APIs, touching the front-end when needed
- True master of your personal toolset
- Plus: Completed one or more of the Coursera offerings in Scala or Reactive Programming

## Personal Traits
- Able to understand complex topics, including business traits, system and user behavior
- Uses modern tools and is generally efficient and test-driven
- True agilist, keen on delivering working software
- Non-religious about specific systems, frameworks, languages or tools
- Can focus on deliverables and small increments but also not afraid of huge changes
- Proud to show your github.com account, research papers or other interesting achievements
- Very good conversational skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus
- Genuinely nice also to Java and JavaScript programmers
- Excellent typing ability in the presence of flying Nerf darts

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>If you apply for **Poznan**, please include the following statement in your application: *"I hereby give my consent for processing my personal data included in the employment offer for the needs of the recruitment process, pursuant to the Act of August 29, 1997 on personal data protection (Journal of Laws No. 133, item 883 with amendments)".*</sub>


<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

<sub>
[1] Munich only<br/>
[2] Bottighofen only
</sub>

Commit message:

add new perk: employee stock

Software Engineer Scala Fullstack.md, after:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply commited to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers. Over the past month we've been rewriting most of our backend using Scala and Finatra. Now we need help to bring our platform to the next level from a passionate

# (Senior) Software Engineer – Scala / Fullstack

## Your Tasks
- Propose, draft and implement services and complete features in our distributed environment
- Design and refactor components for high availability and resilience
- Get involved and improve also front-end development (fear not: no design tasks involved)
- Co-Own our backend architecture and keep a minimal set of documentation up to date
- Help product owners to write great, concise user stories with high business value
- Drive towards continuous deployment in our Docker-based infrastructure
- Continuously watch the Scala-scene and improve your knowledge on search, then spread it though our teams

## Your Profile
- Solid software development skills in Scala and multiple other languages
- Developed significant Scala-based services and put them into production
- Not afraid to work professionally with code from others
- Able to give and receive constructive criticism
- Sound and save developing and thinking asynchronous systems
- Experienced with a full web stack, RESTful APIs, touching the front-end when needed
- True master of your personal toolset
- Plus: Completed one or more of the Coursera offerings in Scala or Reactive Programming

## Personal Traits
- Able to understand complex topics, including business traits, system and user behavior
- Uses modern tools and is generally efficient and test-driven
- True agilist, keen on delivering working software
- Non-religious about specific systems, frameworks, languages or tools
- Can focus on deliverables and small increments but also not afraid of huge changes
- Proud to show your github.com account, research papers or other interesting achievements
- Very good conversational skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus
- Genuinely nice also to Java and JavaScript programmers
- Excellent typing ability in the presence of flying Nerf darts

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like employee [stock](https://www.google.com/finance?q=ETR:HOC) (real stock, not options), free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>If you apply for **Poznan**, please include the following statement in your application: *"I hereby give my consent for processing my personal data included in the employment offer for the needs of the recruitment process, pursuant to the Act of August 29, 1997 on personal data protection (Journal of Laws No. 133, item 883 with amendments)".*</sub>


<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

<sub>
[1] Munich only<br/>
[2] Bottighofen only
</sub>
