Software Engineer iOS.md, before:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply committed to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers. This experience is increasingly consumed using our mobile offerings. To help our awesome, well-reviewed iOS App Development Team, we're looking for a

# (Senior) Software Engineer – iOS

## Your Tasks
- Propose, draft and implement new features for our iOS Apps
- Continuously refactor existing code to improve quaility and testability
- Help product owners to write great, concise user stories
- Spread your excellent Test Driven Development skillset in your team
- Continuously improve your knowledge and actively share it with peers

## Your Profile
- True mastery of XCode, ObjectiveC, maybe already played with Swift
- Very solid experience with iOS, App Store Mechanics and Debugging
- Deep and wide insight into most Apple's frameworks and technologies
- Professional experience integrating Apps with RESTful backends
- Very knowledgable with test driven development and continuous integration
- Some Node.js or Scala experience is nice to have
- A plus: Have published your own Apps to the App Store

## Personal Traits
- Thoroughly test-driven, uses modern tools and is generally efficient
- Writing tests for your code is in your personal definition of done
- True agilist and pair programming aficionado
- Keen to deliver working software and receiving outstanding App Store user feedback
- Attentive to detail, able to compromise on good design and good UX vs. pragmatism
- Very good skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus
- Proud to show either your github.com (or similar) account or your private iOS projects
- Excellent typing ability in the presence of flying Nerf darts

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>If you apply for **Poznan**, please include the following statement in your application: *"I hereby give my consent for processing my personal data included in the employment offer for the needs of the recruitment process, pursuant to the Act of August 29, 1997 on personal data protection (Journal of Laws No. 133, item 883 with amendments)".*</sub>


<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

<sub>
[1] Munich only<br/>
[2] Bottighofen only
</sub>

Commit message:

add new perk: employee stock

Software Engineer iOS.md, after:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply committed to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers. This experience is increasingly consumed using our mobile offerings. To help our awesome, well-reviewed iOS App Development Team, we're looking for a

# (Senior) Software Engineer – iOS

## Your Tasks
- Propose, draft and implement new features for our iOS Apps
- Continuously refactor existing code to improve quaility and testability
- Help product owners to write great, concise user stories
- Spread your excellent Test Driven Development skillset in your team
- Continuously improve your knowledge and actively share it with peers

## Your Profile
- True mastery of XCode, ObjectiveC, maybe already played with Swift
- Very solid experience with iOS, App Store Mechanics and Debugging
- Deep and wide insight into most Apple's frameworks and technologies
- Professional experience integrating Apps with RESTful backends
- Very knowledgable with test driven development and continuous integration
- Some Node.js or Scala experience is nice to have
- A plus: Have published your own Apps to the App Store

## Personal Traits
- Thoroughly test-driven, uses modern tools and is generally efficient
- Writing tests for your code is in your personal definition of done
- True agilist and pair programming aficionado
- Keen to deliver working software and receiving outstanding App Store user feedback
- Attentive to detail, able to compromise on good design and good UX vs. pragmatism
- Very good skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus
- Proud to show either your github.com (or similar) account or your private iOS projects
- Excellent typing ability in the presence of flying Nerf darts

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like employee [stock](https://www.google.com/finance?q=ETR:HOC) (real stock, not options), free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>If you apply for **Poznan**, please include the following statement in your application: *"I hereby give my consent for processing my personal data included in the employment offer for the needs of the recruitment process, pursuant to the Act of August 29, 1997 on personal data protection (Journal of Laws No. 133, item 883 with amendments)".*</sub>


<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

<sub>
[1] Munich only<br/>
[2] Bottighofen only
</sub>
