Software Engineer Big Data.md, before:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply committed to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers.
Help our growing team of data scientists and engineers to unleash the potential of billions of events every day to provide 25 million travellers every month with intelligent optimizations as a ...

# (Senior) Software Engineer – Big Data

## Your Tasks
- Design, model, implement and maintain Hadoop solutions supporting raw-event collections
- Help internal clients with pragmatic strategic & ad-hoc data requirements
- Optimize our data infrastructure to become a reliable, tested real-time solution
- Work closely with data scientists and engineers to build personalized experiences for our users
- Drive research initiatives to innovate and support our data driven approach
- Perform data extraction, aggregation from multiple sources, includng Google Analytics
- Create confidence in our data by tests, automation, monitoring and neat visualizations

## Your Profile
- Several years of real-world experience with Apache Hadoop (with e.g. HDFS, Hive, HBase, Pig)
- Experienced software engineer, proficient with several languages (we use Scala a lot)
- Good command of several scripting languages, like Python, Bash, JavaScript or even R
- Proficient with SQL (MySQL, MS-SQL are running) and NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB, Neo4j, Cassandra) databases and querying them
- Sysadmin experience (Linux, AWS, Docker) is a plus
- Prior experience with scaling ETL projects and a big data platform is advantageous

## Personal Traits
- Able to understand complex topics, including business traits and user behavior
- Uses modern tools and is generally efficient and test-driven
- True agilist, keen on delivering working software
- Non-religious about specific systems, frameworks, languages or tools
- Can focus on deliverables and small increments but also not afraid of huge changes and humongous amounts of data
- Proud to show your github.com account, research papers or other interesting achievements
- Very good skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>If you apply for **Poznan**, please include the following statement in your application: *"I hereby give my consent for processing my personal data included in the employment offer for the needs of the recruitment process, pursuant to the Act of August 29, 1997 on personal data protection (Journal of Laws No. 133, item 883 with amendments)".*</sub>


<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

<sub>
[1] Munich only<br/>
[2] Bottighofen only
</sub>

Commit message:

add new perk: employee stock

Software Engineer Big Data.md, after:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply committed to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers.
Help our growing team of data scientists and engineers to unleash the potential of billions of events every day to provide 25 million travellers every month with intelligent optimizations as a ...

# (Senior) Software Engineer – Big Data

## Your Tasks
- Design, model, implement and maintain Hadoop solutions supporting raw-event collections
- Help internal clients with pragmatic strategic & ad-hoc data requirements
- Optimize our data infrastructure to become a reliable, tested real-time solution
- Work closely with data scientists and engineers to build personalized experiences for our users
- Drive research initiatives to innovate and support our data driven approach
- Perform data extraction, aggregation from multiple sources, includng Google Analytics
- Create confidence in our data by tests, automation, monitoring and neat visualizations

## Your Profile
- Several years of real-world experience with Apache Hadoop (with e.g. HDFS, Hive, HBase, Pig)
- Experienced software engineer, proficient with several languages (we use Scala a lot)
- Good command of several scripting languages, like Python, Bash, JavaScript or even R
- Proficient with SQL (MySQL, MS-SQL are running) and NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB, Neo4j, Cassandra) databases and querying them
- Sysadmin experience (Linux, AWS, Docker) is a plus
- Prior experience with scaling ETL projects and a big data platform is advantageous

## Personal Traits
- Able to understand complex topics, including business traits and user behavior
- Uses modern tools and is generally efficient and test-driven
- True agilist, keen on delivering working software
- Non-religious about specific systems, frameworks, languages or tools
- Can focus on deliverables and small increments but also not afraid of huge changes and humongous amounts of data
- Proud to show your github.com account, research papers or other interesting achievements
- Very good skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like employee [stock](https://www.google.com/finance?q=ETR:HOC) (real stock, not options), free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>If you apply for **Poznan**, please include the following statement in your application: *"I hereby give my consent for processing my personal data included in the employment offer for the needs of the recruitment process, pursuant to the Act of August 29, 1997 on personal data protection (Journal of Laws No. 133, item 883 with amendments)".*</sub>


<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

<sub>
[1] Munich only<br/>
[2] Bottighofen only
</sub>
