Software Engineer PHP.md, before:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply committed to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers. We're currently looking for you to support our fantastic PHP engineering team in Bottighofen, Switzerland, to improve and maintain functionality and REST APIs.

# (Senior) Software Engineer – PHP

## Your Tasks
- Propose, draft and implement core components and APIs
- Continuously refactor existing code to improve quality and testability
- Help product owners to write great, concise user stories with high business value
- Continuously watch the market and improve your knowledge, then spread it though our teams

## Your Profile
- Solid software development skills (e.g. PHP, Zend Framework, MySQL, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, ...)
- Extensive Hands-On programming experience
- Experienced with a full web stack, including front-end (not design) and RESTful APIs
- True master of your personal toolset

## Personal Traits
- Able to understand complex topics, including business traits
- Thoroughly test-driven, uses modern tools and is generally efficient
- True agilist and pair programming aficionado, keen to deliver working software
- Willing to work with front- and backend code (Don't be afraid, we have Designers)
- Non-religious about specific frameworks, languages or tools
- Very good skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus
- Proud to show your github.com (or similar) account

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

Commit message:

add new perk: employee stock

Software Engineer PHP.md, after:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply committed to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers. We're currently looking for you to support our fantastic PHP engineering team in Bottighofen, Switzerland, to improve and maintain functionality and REST APIs.

# (Senior) Software Engineer – PHP

## Your Tasks
- Propose, draft and implement core components and APIs
- Continuously refactor existing code to improve quality and testability
- Help product owners to write great, concise user stories with high business value
- Continuously watch the market and improve your knowledge, then spread it though our teams

## Your Profile
- Solid software development skills (e.g. PHP, Zend Framework, MySQL, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, ...)
- Extensive Hands-On programming experience
- Experienced with a full web stack, including front-end (not design) and RESTful APIs
- True master of your personal toolset

## Personal Traits
- Able to understand complex topics, including business traits
- Thoroughly test-driven, uses modern tools and is generally efficient
- True agilist and pair programming aficionado, keen to deliver working software
- Willing to work with front- and backend code (Don't be afraid, we have Designers)
- Non-religious about specific frameworks, languages or tools
- Very good skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus
- Proud to show your github.com (or similar) account

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like employee [stock](https://www.google.com/finance?q=ETR:HOC) (real stock, not options), free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>
