Software Engineer JavaScript Fullstack.md, before:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply committed to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers. Our frontend-tier, based on Node.js + JavaScript using React, is key to this experience. Come and use your expertise and your skills to help us provide an outstanding experience to more than 25.000.000 travelers who visit every month as a...

# (Senior) Software Engineer – JavaScript / Fullstack

## Your Tasks
- Implement new features and components in our Node.js-based front-end
- Consistently care for very good test coverage and automation
- Co-Own our frontend architecture and keep a minimal set of documentation up to date
- Drive continuous evolution of our frontend architecture together with your team
- Help design RESTful APIs that provide outstanding Developer Experience
- Help product owners to write great, really concise user stories that yield in fantastic look & feel
- Drive towards continuous deployment of UX components and swift implementation of design improvements

## Your Profile
- Extensive development experience using JavaScript, read "The Good Parts", lover or hater of ES6
- Good command of HTML5 and CSS3 (Don't worry: no design tasks for this position)
- Experience with React.js + Flux, Angular, Ember or similar modern web frameworks
- Proficient with Node.js and it's current ecosystem
- Experience with the whole JavaScript/ Node.js tool chest (several of: Bower, Grunt, Gulp, Webpack, Karma, Mocha, Selenium, PhantomJS, Browserstack, Saucelabs, Chai, jsdom, Supertest, Sinon, Istanbul, ...)
- Not afraid to work professionally with code from others (we work in a mono-repository)
- Experienced with a full web stack, RESTful APIs, touching the front-end when needed
- True master of your personal toolset
- Professionally experienced with test driven web development and continuous delivery

## Personal Traits
- Able to understand complex topics, including business traits, system and user behavior
- Uses modern tools and is generally efficient and test-driven
- True agilist, keen on delivering working software
- Able to receive and give constructive criticism
- Non-religious about specific systems, frameworks, languages or tools
- Can focus on deliverables and small increments but also not afraid of huge changes
- Proud to show your github.com account, research papers or other interesting achievements
- Very good conversational skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus
- Excellent typing ability in the presence of flying Nerf darts

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>If you apply for **Poznan**, please include the following statement in your application: *"I hereby give my consent for processing my personal data included in the employment offer for the needs of the recruitment process, pursuant to the Act of August 29, 1997 on personal data protection (Journal of Laws No. 133, item 883 with amendments)".*</sub>


<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

<sub>
[1] Munich only<br/>
[2] Bottighofen only
</sub>

Commit message:

add new perk: employee stock

Software Engineer JavaScript Fullstack.md, after:

[HolidayCheck](http://www.holidaycheck.de/) is deeply committed to providing the best experience in online travel for our customers. Our frontend-tier, based on Node.js + JavaScript using React, is key to this experience. Come and use your expertise and your skills to help us provide an outstanding experience to more than 25.000.000 travelers who visit every month as a...

# (Senior) Software Engineer – JavaScript / Fullstack

## Your Tasks
- Implement new features and components in our Node.js-based front-end
- Consistently care for very good test coverage and automation
- Co-Own our frontend architecture and keep a minimal set of documentation up to date
- Drive continuous evolution of our frontend architecture together with your team
- Help design RESTful APIs that provide outstanding Developer Experience
- Help product owners to write great, really concise user stories that yield in fantastic look & feel
- Drive towards continuous deployment of UX components and swift implementation of design improvements

## Your Profile
- Extensive development experience using JavaScript, read "The Good Parts", lover or hater of ES6
- Good command of HTML5 and CSS3 (Don't worry: no design tasks for this position)
- Experience with React.js + Flux, Angular, Ember or similar modern web frameworks
- Proficient with Node.js and it's current ecosystem
- Experience with the whole JavaScript/ Node.js tool chest (several of: Bower, Grunt, Gulp, Webpack, Karma, Mocha, Selenium, PhantomJS, Browserstack, Saucelabs, Chai, jsdom, Supertest, Sinon, Istanbul, ...)
- Not afraid to work professionally with code from others (we work in a mono-repository)
- Experienced with a full web stack, RESTful APIs, touching the front-end when needed
- True master of your personal toolset
- Professionally experienced with test driven web development and continuous delivery

## Personal Traits
- Able to understand complex topics, including business traits, system and user behavior
- Uses modern tools and is generally efficient and test-driven
- True agilist, keen on delivering working software
- Able to receive and give constructive criticism
- Non-religious about specific systems, frameworks, languages or tools
- Can focus on deliverables and small increments but also not afraid of huge changes
- Proud to show your github.com account, research papers or other interesting achievements
- Very good conversational skills in English are mandatory, German or Polish is a plus
- Excellent typing ability in the presence of flying Nerf darts

## Apply

If you happen to be a pragmatic, test-driven software craftsman or craftswoman who likes working on the edge of technology, come and help our outstanding, truly agile development teams in [Munich, DE](https://goo.gl/maps/2KKGh), in [Bottighofen, CH](https://goo.gl/maps/X7bZ3), in [Poznan, PL](https://goo.gl/maps/AiHKJ), or in [Amsterdam, NL](https://goo.gl/maps/AJHpM3yYUzL2).

Please send your *concise* resume to [careers@holidaycheck.com](mailto:careers@holidaycheck.com). Make sure to include your github.com account (or similar work samples) in your application.

HolidayCheck is part of [HolidayCheck Group AG](https://www.holidaycheckgroup.com/). We provide nice perks, like employee [stock](https://www.google.com/finance?q=ETR:HOC) (real stock, not options), free drinks, flexible home office and part time options, subsidized lunch[1] and massages[1], hardware of your choice, free coffee & fruit. We frequently abuse our table soccer, and even have developed our own App to keep score of our Pool Billards[2] matches. There's also ample budget for trainings, toys, conferences and team events. On top of that, you receive discount for our travel offerings.

<sub>If you apply for **Poznan**, please include the following statement in your application: *"I hereby give my consent for processing my personal data included in the employment offer for the needs of the recruitment process, pursuant to the Act of August 29, 1997 on personal data protection (Journal of Laws No. 133, item 883 with amendments)".*</sub>


<sub>**Please make your resume compatible with the engineers who are reviewing it.** Send only one concise document, accurately describe your skill set, your qualifications, your job experience and what you are doing to continuously improve yourself. Do not forget to include your github.com account (or similar) and your salary expectations and your earliest availability and whatever you think makes sense.</sub>


<sub>Find the most current version of this job ad at [github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs](github.com/HolidayCheck/jobs)</sub>

<sub>
[1] Munich only<br/>
[2] Bottighofen only
</sub>
